Integrate with SGX quote-ex library for EPID evidence generation (#3268)
openenclave/openenclave: 3rdparty/sgxsdk/CMakeLists.txt

> # Copyright (c) Open Enclave SDK contributors.

Author: Make sense. Will  update.

# Copyright (c) Open Enclave SDK contributors.
# Licensed under the MIT License.

if (OE_SGX)

>   # This 3rdpary directory only contains header files for compilation of
>   # SGX-specific host-side code.
>   # There is no new artifacts (e.g. new targets) to be added.

Reviewer: Consider changing this to a README.md file instead (see other 3rdparty folders) since this only contains a comment for the folder.

Also some typo and grammar corrections:
```suggestion
  # This 3rdparty directory only contains header files for compiling
  # SGX-specific host-side code.
  # There are no new artifacts (e.g. new targets) to be added.
```

Author: Thanks!
